docs: put lock file considerations list into table (#7511)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/noise-reduction.md

> As mentioned earlier, using lock files greatly increases the chance that merging one PR will result in a second PR becoming conflicted with `master`. Therefore:

Reviewer: You mentioned this PR is still in draft due to this line. Here's a suggestion

```suggestion
Using lock files greatly increases the chance that merging one PR will result in a second PR becoming conflicted with `master`. The table below highlights different noise reduction strategies and their affect on pull request and potential lock file conflicts:
```

| Action                               | Effect on pull requests          | Chance of lock file conflicts |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |

> | Group dependencies together          | Reduces number of separate PRs   | Decreases                     |
> | Automerge dependencies               | Reduces number of concurrent PRs | Decreases                     |
> | Decrease scheduled time for Renovate | Increases concurrent PRs         | Increases                     |

Reviewer: Small changes to fit the pattern

```suggestion
| Group dependencies together          | Decreases separate PRs           | Decreases                     |
| Automerge dependencies               | Decreases concurrent PRs         | Decreases                     |
| Decrease scheduled time for Renovate | Increases concurrent PRs         | Increases                     |
```
